# Top controls
formCaption = Credit-track
labelLocalization = Localization
comboBoxLocalization0 = English
comboBoxLocalization1 = Russian
labelViewType = View type
comboBoxViewType0 = Table
comboBoxViewType1 = Chart
dataGridViewColumn0 = Number
dataGridViewColumn1 = Pay
dataGridViewColumn2 = Percent
dataGridViewColumn3 = Credit
dataGridViewColumn4 = Remaining
labelMoneyCost = Cost money
labelMoneyOwn = Own money
labelMoneyCredit = Credit money
labelAnnualInterest = Annual interest
labelCreditTerm = Credit Term
labelCreditTermMonths = months
labelCreditTermYears = years
buttonCalcExe = Calc.exe
buttonCalc = Calculate
buttonClear = Clear
messageErrorZeroInFields = Input values must be more than 0!
